hey guys jon rettinger here and i want
to give you a software tour of the OS
found on the samsung mythic this is a
new updated version of Samsung's
proprietary OS called TouchWiz and
incorporated some things that we haven't
seen before in previous TouchWiz devices
let's go ahead and get started and this
is a new phone for 18 to wireless you
can pick up for 199 after rebates on a
new two-year contract so the first
change you're going to see is on the
unlock screen you've got a new touch and
hold unlock and notification rows across
the bottom and tell you what you have if
you got some missed calls you have
emails if you've got voicemail and a
slew of other messages you can sort of
customize that you always know if you've
got one two three or zero and nobody
loves you so let's go ahead and unlock
the phone will do that using the new
method to hold it them off because see
the backgrounds also keep changing every
time I come back now I've got a
butterfly if I let it expire and come
back the background change again go
ahead will hold down that's my Makka now
we've got sort of a familiar-looking
screen with double bar on the side that
will pull out the widgets and you've got
this new sort of three row indicator on
the top that's because you've got three
home screens this is a resistive
touchscreen so it's sort of squishy I'll
get to the screen when I go over my full
review of the device so as you can see I
can sort of scroll through and I get
that dynamic server scrolling the
background image changes similar to what
you see on on an Android device so
that's nice to have a lot of screen real
estate one of the downsides of the
TouchWiz was that the widgets took up a
lot of space and now you've got three
screens in which you use them so here is
the widget bar and you can pick any
would you want and sort of drag it off
to the home screen so we'll take a uzak
one can drag it off there now I've got a
music player I can hide it I can move
this really anywhere I'd like so before
when you're limited to just we can put
on one screen you can now scroll over to
the next one and put all your widgets
there to your heart's content you can
widget eyes everything you like this
does have mobile TV in it which is sort
of a
will feature it also has some msn
advanced connectivity that you guys can
add for a little bit of an extra charge
so I'll keep going we don't want to add
a new birthday you can see the OS
certainly not without its hiccups so
you've got sort of a new and redesigned
menu structure structure as well it
looks very similar what you find on the
samsung instinct for example all the
icons are sort of held within their own
square and you can now scroll through to
see the different menu icons let's go
ahead and talk about the keyboard for a
minute let me go to the message will tap
or rotate to add text I've always been a
relatively big fan of actually the
keyboards and Samsung's put on their
devices and the soft keyboards in
particular when you have it just in
portrait you can forget your standard
array that you'd see on a normal flip
phone or slider phone you can use t9 if
you'd like and you can sort of pick what
you're looking for so numeric symbols
emoticons which are those silly smiley
faces but so seven accelerometer so when
you turn it you get a full keyboard now
the keyboard to your interesting because
as you move your finger over you can
start to see what letter you're typing
which something that I really like on
these soft keyboards sometimes you can't
see what you're typing so let me do a
keyboard test for you and we'll see how
accurate this is and if the samsungs
good keyboards have held up on the
mythic so we'll do my usual thing this
is a test and see how it works you can
definitely see autocorrect in an action
there this is a tier is what I ended up
typing not entirely accurate but i'm not
completely familiar with the keyboard on
the device i'm not used to it yet i
think it's one of those things as you
get used to it you'll become more and
more accurate so overall it's a pretty
usable keyboard and a pretty usable OS
so then you'll talk about the hardware
and have the OS implemented during the
review we've had a lot of requests to
show how the phone works ensure the new
TouchWiz interface so if you guys enjoy
this is jon rettinger for exclusive
content check me out of twitter
twitter.com / John for lakers and to
learn more about TechnoBuffalo and get
all your tech news and create your own
tech blogs and interact with our new
social network
check out of course technobuffalo comm
links to both those will be in the
sidebar I'll see you guys in the next
video bye bye